And the interesting thing was that you could see, who I am personally making this series of videos,
the game in which I blocked five characters, flew into the
business of software 1911aret
Come to watch the dark night
because no-one is here.
Do come to my garden
when there's no luck.
No, I'm fine.
The man who was killed is dead.
I'm the only one.
I'm sorry, but I'm really impressed by your kind heart.
I'll send you a letter from the Chinese border.
What do you want?
I'm sorry, but I'm really impressed by your kind heart.
My father died in the Japanese invasions.
I was a soldier, but I was not a soldier.
I'm sorry, but I'm really impressed by your kind heart.